Greetings,
You are receiving this email message as it contains a sample test run of the (Java) framework I developed that might be relevant to QA Automation (or other) position(s) I am interested in / we discussed.

I send you this sample run as I believe it is a relevant supplement to my resume and represents my skills more specifically and practically.
The framework that generated the test session (and this report) is based on 'keyword' concept/model and NO CODING is needed to carry unlimited number of tests within the scope of the supported keyword 'lexicon'!

Each step of a given test plan is represented in the input stream by a keyword (i.e: 'newtest', 'click', 'wait', 'verify' etc.) that corresponds to a 'verb' (class) in the framework's lexicon of actions.

The input stream (example attached) is a collection of parameterized test steps / tasks each of which corresponds to an instance of the 'verb' class of the framework.

For example, when the input is an Excel sheet, a row in some worksheet with 'Click' in the Action column will invoke the Click verb and result in a click on some control on some web page.

The framework uses Selenium for activating and verifying web pages and can be readily expanded beyond the current scope.
Expanding the framework can be readily achieved by a Java programmer via creation of Java class files that constitute entries in the framework's 'Lexicon' and subsequently can be utilized during a test session.

The actual test session reported here is a Proof of Concept with shallow exploration of several web sites and some non-UI tests as specified in the (attached) DDTRoot.xlsx file.

The input file - the (attached) DDTRoot.xlsx - reveals the ability to treat worksheets like functional / parameterized 'subroutines' that can be enabled / disabled for a particular run as needed.

The attached ddttestresult... file is the report of this brief test session.
Click it to view it in a browser.

Feel free to forward this message to interested parties in your company or interested client(s) and thanks for your feedback...

The text of this message is just one of the numerous configurable features of the framework and can be modified for each run without touching a line of code.

This p.o.c is the Java implementation of a similar project I developed in Python,  and I am the designer, coder, tester and documentor of the project.

BTW, at present, i am seeking employment in the vicinity of New York, NY or Westchester County, NY

Sincerely,
Avraham Melamed (Bey)
Owner, DynaBytes, Inc.

Contact me at:
Email: beymelamed@gmail.com, BeyMelamed01@optimum.net
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/beymelamed
Skype ID: avraham.melamed
Phone: (917)656-6516 (cell), (914)402-4350 (home)

